KEYCLOAK-16628 Document cross-site with Infinispan 11.0.3 and DG 8.1 (#1088)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_installation/topics/operating-mode/crossdc.adoc

* link:{installguide_clustering_link}[Clustering with {project_name}]
When setting up for Cross-Datacenter Replication, you will use more independent {project_name} clusters, so you must understand how a cluster works and the basic concepts and requirements such as load balancing, shared databases, and multicasting.

ifeval::[{project_product}==true]
* link:{jdgserver_crossdcdocs_link}[JBoss Data Grid Cross-Datacenter Replication]

> {project_name} uses Red Hat Data Grid (RHDG) for the replication of Infinispan data between the data centers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{project_name} uses Red Hat Data Grid (RHDG) for the replication of data between the data centers.
```

endif::[]

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]

> * link:https://infinispan.org/docs/11.0.x/titles/xsite/xsite.html#xsite_replication[Infinispan Cross-Site Replication] replicates data between the data centers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://infinispan.org/docs/11.0.x/titles/xsite/xsite.html#xsite_replication[Infinispan Cross-Site Replication] replicates data across clusters in separate geographic locations.
```

[[communication]]
==== Communication details

> {project_name} uses multiple, separate clusters of Infinispan caches. Every {project_name} node is in the cluster with the other {project_name} nodes in same data center, but not with the {project_name} nodes in different data centers. A {project_name} node does not communicate directly with the {project_name} nodes from different data centers. {project_name} nodes use external {jdgserver_name} (actually {jdgserver_name} servers) for communication across data centers. This is done using the link:https://infinispan.org/docs/8.2.x/user_guide/user_guide.html#using_hot_rod_server[Infinispan HotRod protocol].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{project_name} uses multiple, separate clusters of Infinispan caches. Every {project_name} node is in the cluster with the other {project_name} nodes in same data center, but not with the {project_name} nodes in different data centers. A {project_name} node does not communicate directly with the {project_name} nodes from different data centers. {project_name} nodes use external {jdgserver_name} (actually {jdgserver_name} servers) for communication across data centers. This is done using the link:https://infinispan.org/docs/11.0.x/titles/hotrod_java/hotrod_java.html#hotrod[Infinispan HotRod protocol].
```

> The Infinispan caches on the {project_name} side must be configured with the link:https://infinispan.org/docs/8.2.x/user_guide/user_guide.html#remote_store[remoteStore] to ensure that data are saved to the remote cache. There is separate Infinispan cluster between {jdgserver_name} servers, so the data saved on JDG1 on `site1` are replicated to JDG2 on `site2` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Infinispan caches on the {project_name} side must be configured with the link:https://infinispan.org/docs/11.0.x/titles/configuring/configuring.html#remote_cache_store[remoteStore] to ensure that data are saved to the remote cache. There is separate Infinispan cluster between {jdgserver_name} servers, so the data saved on JDG1 on `site1` are replicated to JDG2 on `site2` .
```

> The Infinispan caches on the {project_name} side must be configured with the link:https://infinispan.org/docs/8.2.x/user_guide/user_guide.html#remote_store[remoteStore] to ensure that data are saved to the remote cache. There is separate Infinispan cluster between {jdgserver_name} servers, so the data saved on JDG1 on `site1` are replicated to JDG2 on `site2` .

Reviewer: "There is separate Infinispan cluster between {jdgserver_name} servers," - It isn't clear to me what this means. 

"There are separate clusters of {jdgserver_name} servers" ?

> Finally, the receiving {jdgserver_name} server notifies the {project_name} servers in its cluster through the Client Listeners, which are a feature of the HotRod protocol. {project_name} nodes on `site2` then update their Infinispan caches and the particular user session is also visible on {project_name} nodes on `site2`.

Reviewer: Client listeners aren't a feature of the Hot Rod protocol. 

When you add data to a cache with a remote store configured in it, the data is transmitted to the remote DG cluster over Hot Rod. In this way the data in the cache is externalized to the DG cluster.

Clusters communicate across sites using JGroups RELAY2. When you add data to 'site1' one or more nodes in that cluster replicate the data to one or more nodes at 'site2'.

(Also please note Hot Rod is two separate words)

Reviewer 2: Client listeners are a feature of Hot Rod. When site2 receives an update from site1, the server triggers an event. The client listener is notified and keycloack server can update their embedded cache with the new value.

Reviewer: Thanks for keeping me honest there, Pedro. Actually just re-reading this and it makes a bit more sense so maybe disregard my comment there, Andy. 

Although s/HotRod/Hot Rod

See the <<archdiagram>> for more details.

[[setup]]
==== Setting up Cross DC with {jdgserver_name} {jdgserver_version}

This example for {jdgserver_name} {jdgserver_version} involves two data centers, `site1` and `site2`. Each data center consists of 1 {jdgserver_name} server and 2 {project_name} servers. We will end up with 2 {jdgserver_name} servers and 4 {project_name} servers in total.

* `Site1` consists of {jdgserver_name} server, `jdg1`, and 2 {project_name} servers, `node11` and `node12` .

* `Site2` consists of {jdgserver_name} server, `jdg2`, and 2 {project_name} servers, `node21` and `node22` .

* {jdgserver_name} servers `jdg1` and `jdg2` are connected to each other through the RELAY2 protocol and `backup` based {jdgserver_name}
caches in a similar way as described in the link:{jdgserver_crossdcdocs_link}[{jdgserver_name} documentation].

* {project_name} servers `node11` and `node12` form a cluster with each other, but they do not communicate directly with any server in `site2`.

> They communicate with the Infinispan server `jdg1` using the HotRod protocol (Remote cache). See <<communication>> for the details.

Reviewer 2: line 163 in this doc, typo:
`HotRod` => `Hot Rod`
You may want to do a find&replace in the doc.

Reviewer 2: Line 174 and below:
This doc needs to be updated to Infinispan 11 / DG8. It mentions the old server configuration, example `JDG1_HOME/standalone/configuration/clustered.xml` is no longer valid.

Reviewer 3: Good point. It needs to be likely `RHDG_HOME/server/conf/infinispan-xsite.xml` as mentioned in the instructions https://issues.redhat.com/secure/attachment/12502085/HOW-TO-rhdg81-rhsso744.txt .

Reviewer: I think these instructions are still valid for DG 7.3. Not sure but I believe it is the case that SSO supports both 7.3 and 8.1. So this probably should stay as-is.

[[communication]]
==== Communication details

> {project_name} uses multiple, separate clusters of Infinispan caches. Every {project_name} node is in the cluster with the other {project_name} nodes in same data center, but not with the {project_name} nodes in different data centers. A {project_name} node does not communicate directly with the {project_name} nodes from different data centers. {project_name} nodes use external {jdgserver_name} servers for communication across data centers. This is done using the link:[Infinispan Hot Rod protocol].

Reviewer 2: it is missing the link to hot rod doc: https://infinispan.org/docs/11.0.x/titles/hotrod_java/hotrod_java.html

[[communication]]
==== Communication details

{project_name} uses multiple, separate clusters of Infinispan caches. Every {project_name} node is in the cluster with the other {project_name} nodes in same data center, but not with the {project_name} nodes in different data centers. A {project_name} node does not communicate directly with the {project_name} nodes from different data centers. {project_name} nodes use external {jdgserver_name} servers for communication across data centers. This is done using the link:[Infinispan Hot Rod protocol].

The Infinispan caches on the {project_name} side must be configured with the link:https://infinispan.org/docs/stable/titles/configuring/configuring.html#remote_cache_store[remoteStore] to ensure that data are saved to the remote cache. There is separate Infinispan cluster between {jdgserver_name} servers, so the data saved on SERVER1 on `site1` are replicated to SERVER2 on `site2` .

> >>>>>>> KEYCLOAK-16628 addressed more review comments

Reviewer 4: `>>>>>>> KEYCLOAK-16628 addressed more review comments`
This probably shouldn't be here.

==== Communication details

{project_name} uses multiple, separate clusters of Infinispan caches. Every {project_name} node is in the cluster with the other {project_name} nodes in same data center, but not with the {project_name} nodes in different data centers. A {project_name} node does not communicate directly with the {project_name} nodes from different data centers. {project_name} nodes use external {jdgserver_name} servers for communication across data centers. This is done using the link:https://infinispan.org/docs/11.0.x/titles/hotrod_java/hotrod_java.html[Infinispan Hot Rod protocol].

> >>>>>>> Stashed changes

Reviewer 4: This shouldn't be here.

                ...
```
+

> It is currently required to have different configuration files for the {jdgserver_name} servers on both sites as the Infinispan subsystem does not support replacing site names with expressions. See link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/WFLY-9458[this issue] for more details.

Reviewer: Data Grid 8.x is no longer based on WildFly/EAP. It doesn't make sense to talk about the Infinispan subsystem. 

I would also remove the link to that issue because it's closed. Maybe replace it with https://issues.redhat.com/browse/WFLY-7871 

IMHO this isn't something we should document as a limitation. That issue is an enhancement suggested by engineering and shouldn't be documented as though it were a bug/issue with Infinispan.

Reviewer 2: I would remove this. As Don said, it is no longer valid for ISPN 11 / DG8

Reviewer: this is fixed.
